[music playing]
DAN: Since our return to Earth after defeating Zenoheld,
a whole lot has happened.
The most exciting thing is that Bakugan Interspace finally
went online globally, allowing kids from all over the world
to show their battling skills in a safe and friendly
environment.
Unfortunately, it seems like not everyone
wants this virtual realm to remain happy and free.
A mysterious evil force from another world
has infiltrated Bakugan Interspace
and is trying to take over.
OK buddy, let's do this!
All right!
Bakugan brawl!
[THEME - CREIGHTON DAN AND DANIEL LEBLANC,
\"THIS IS BAKUGAN\"]
THEME SONG: What are you gonna do?
The odds are stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Gotta give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hand.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You gotta fight for what's right before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan!
[music playing]
So this is where the humans come
to battle, Bakugan Interspace.
I wonder if anyone here received the message that I sent?
[music playing]
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in The Visitor.
[upbeat music]
[gasp]
Hey cute stuff.
You lost?
Do you need someone to show you around?
Actually.
I would be happy to be your tour guide.
Haha.
Well, come on.
FABIA (VOICEOVER): Is he trying to tell me something?
Perhaps he's speaking in code.
Oh, of course!
Are you the person who received the message that I sent?
Message?
Uh.
Oh yeah.
I definitely got your message.
So you need a tour guide then?
Sid Arkale, Lena Isis, they were really strong battlers.
So then?
Huh?
Well, have you got any information
on the other Neathian moles Ren?
Oh yes.
I've put together a dossier.
Zenet Surrow, Jesse Glenn, Mason brown,
these are the three latest Neathian agents that I found.
Uh, sorry dudes.
I was waiting around for Dan the man, but he didn't show.
Where is he?
I hope he's OK.
He's fine.
I called his house and his mom answered.
Guess he slept in.
Later mom!
[panting]
Man, the guys are going to be mad.
Ugh. [wheels whir]
[music playing]
Gate card open!
[tense music]
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Go Haos Jetro!
Where'd a cute girl like you get
such a weird looking Bakugan?
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
HI, Subterra Luxtor!
Ability activate!
Eye-Ray Hammer!
Gate card open!
Haos Saver!
Ability activate!
Crush Cluster!
[luxtor roars]
Ability activate!
Spark Storm!
[luxtor groans]
[audience cheers]
Huh?
What's wrong there?
I hope you haven't been holding out on my account.
Looks like she fooled me with her innocent act.
You asked for it!
I'm going all out this round, promise.
Gate card set!
Hah!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Kick it Subterra Luxtor!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Come on Haos Jetro!
Ability activate, Match Wave!
Big deal.
Ability activate!
Metal Break-Through!
Check this.
Metal Break-Through builds a super strong metallic shield
around my Bakugan's body.
It protects him from the effects of your abilities
and your Gate Card, so there.
Interesting, well then.
Sorry, you wanted to go full on.
Gate Card open!
Active Ghost!
Oh yeah!
Huh?
[jetro chitters]
But I don't understand.
Ability, Conjure Life.
I nullify your Gate Card.
Are you serious?
Ability activate!
Flash Storm!
No!
Battle over!
Winner, Fabia Sheen!
[audience cheers]
Clearly, you're not the powerful brawler
that I came here looking for.
Yeah!
Okey dokey.
Primary circulation.
Switching to syncro-translation.
Activate.
5, 4, 3, 2, 1, 0.
FABIA (VOICEOVER): I should have known he was lying
about receiving my message.
The person I'm looking for is a mighty battler.
Welcome to Bakugan Interspace.
Finally, I'm here!
Please enjoy your stay, and remember play nice.
Ah!
[gasp]
[screaming]
Hey, what's that about?
I'm so sorry.
My reflexes just kicked in.
That smarts.
[laughter]
She flipped you, flipped you for real.
Quiet!
I don't need you rubbing it in.
Excuse me.
So do you hang out in here a lot?
Uh, yeah.
Why?
I was wondering if you could tell me who the strongest
battler in here is.
Hah!
Well I don't mean to toot my own horn,
but that's me right at the top of the board over there.
Yeah.
Dan Kuso.
So then you're the number one battler!
Yep, sure am.
Gotta run.
See ya!
Wait, please!
Dan Kuso.
Ren, can I ask you something?
Sure, of course.
So how have you been tracking down these Neathian agents?
Actually Shun, it was quite easy.
The agents from Neathia have devised a way
to travel between their world and Bakugan Interspace
using the power of their Bakugan.
They don't need to rely on access points like we do.
Wow, that's awful convenient.
Basically, that means we'd have records of their battles,
but no records of their arrival or departure through the access
points.
I just had to cross-reference those two lists.
But the number of people on those lists
would easily be in the millions.
Cross-referencing all of that data
should have taken at least a week.
Guess I got lucky.
I found all three in just one day.
Sorry!
I had to help this old lady cross the street.
Sure you did.
Get this you guys.
On my way here, some chick grabbed me,
tossed me like a rag doll.
All: Huh?
Was she a giant?
Why?
What did you do to her?
Nothing.
He was just running fast and kapow!
She has to be some kind of Kung Fu master
to have that kind of power.
You'd never know it though.
She's just this tiny brunette with big green eyes.
Dan, did this girl say anything else to you at all?
Yeah.
She asked me who the best battler in Bakugan Interspace
was.
It was if she'd never heard of me before.
Maybe she was some kind of crazed fan in disguise.
If she was a fan, why would she throw
him to the ground like that?
Hey Ren, what's wrong?
I'm thinking that this girl might
be another Neathian agent.
ALL: Huh?
But what makes you think that?
Neathians are known for their stealthy
hand-to-hand combat skills.
And if she's been asking for the strongest battler, then
maybe she was sent here to kidnap you and force
you to fight for their side.
[alarm blares]
There has been an access breach.
Trespasser on the premises.
What?
Not you again!
She followed you.
I'm sorry.
I know I'm trespassing, but it's an emergency.
So I hacked into your system to gain entry.
It was a risk.
So Dan, did you receive my message then?
What message?
Who are you and what do you want?
Ah.
Well, I'm uh-
You're from Neathia, aren't you?
[gasp]
So you did receive it!
Give it up.
We're not falling for your tricks.
Hey, I'm Ren from Gundalia.
I don't believe that we've met before.
FABIA (VOICEOVER): Oh no, I'm too late.
The Gundalians got here first!
We never got any message from you, so you can give it up.
FABIA (VOICEOVER): I found the one, but who
knows what lies he's been told.
[gasp]
If you are helping Gundalia, then you are my enemy!
Well, then.
If we're enemies, I can't let you leave!
Time for us to battle!
Time to take this Neathian down, Drago!
I will destroy anyone who sides with Gundalia Dan Kuso!
I just realized I never got your name.
That's because I didn't give it.
The battle between Dan Kuso and Fabia Sheen
will now commence!
I had hoped we'd be fighting alongside one another
not against each other.
You might have gotten the drop on me this morning
but I don't think that's going to happen again!
Bakugan field open!
Gate Card set!
[tense music]
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Rise Haos Fangoid!
Whoa, dude.
Do you see the size of that thing?
Yes, he's huge all right.
We fought tougher and won!
Let's go Drago!
I'm ready!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
[roar]
Go Pyrus Helix Dragonoid!
FABIA (VOICEOVER): A power level of 900?
This has to be the one I've been looking for.
No question.
I can't believe I'm facing him as an opponent.
Oh.
Ability activate!
Luna Spartan!
Dragon Hummer!
What?
[grunting]
Sweet!
He nullified her ability!
Gate Card open!
Haos Reactor!
One more.
Ability activate!
[roars]
Goliath Snow!
Two can play that game.
She just nullified his ability too!
Hah!
You think that's gonna stop me?
I'll just pull another trick out of my sleeve.
Ability activate!
Galactic Dragon!
[fangoid groans]
What incredible power.
Ready to give up?
Nice one!
Yeah, yeah!
Dan the man!
Gate Card set!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
[roaring]
FABIA (VOICEOVER): Maybe if I can beat him,
he'll come over to our side.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
Your turn Haos Merlix!
Wow, that is one freaky looking dude, huh Drago?
Freaky or not, they all go boom just the same.
Ability activate!
Jinx Magic!
[merlix rumbles]
Oh no!
What's going on here you guys?
Where'd he go?
Careful Drago!
Yes, I know.
[drago groans]
Drago!
[groaning]
OK.
Ability activate!
Dragon Hummer!
[groaning]
[roar]
[merlix rumbles]
Ability activate!
Doom Cube!
Oh, man!
What in the heck is that thing?
Ability activate!
Galactic Dragon!
[roar]
He deflected it?
As long as the cube is rotating, none of your attacks
will work.
So what, are you just going to let it spin?
We got to end this battle eventually.
Any Bakugan with that our attribute has their power level
dropped to zero.
What?
You have a one in six chance.
When the die stops turning your fate will be decided.
It's Pyrus.
My condolences.
(WEAKLY) My energy.
[groan]
Hold on Drago!
Why don't you just face it?
It's game over for you.
It's too late for you to counter with an ability.
[groaning]
Gate Card open!
Ring Zero!
What, a Gate Card?
[groaning]
Ring Zero is a Command Card that
freezes all of your opponent's activated abilities.
My turn to play.
FABIA (VOICEOVER): He knew to set a Gate
Card to nullify my ability.
He has a tremendous natural instinct for battling.
Now Drago!
Let's finish this thing!
[roar]
FABIA (VOICEOVER): Dan Kuso, I've
never seen a battler like you.
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
[roaring]
Huh?
Haos Aranaut.
He's identical to the first digital clone we came across.
Aranaut it is now my turn to ask you for your help.
Aranaut, I need you defeat the Bakugan
known as Pyrus Helix Drago!
We can't let the Gundalians have him!
Of course!
As you wish Princess.
He speaks too?
The Neathians would have real Bakugan
just like the Gundalians do.
Am I right Ren?
Yes.
That's correct Shun.
So then that's the original Aranaut from which
our digital Aranaut was cloned, which means
that the other digital clones--
[gasp]
--like Akwimos, Coredem, and Hawktor
are all Bakugan from Neathia!
You mean, our enemies?
Ah, yes.
I'm afraid that they are.
What is it Shun?
Is there something wrong my friend?
Well Ren, I'm not quite sure yet.
Maybe.
Come on, let's go Aranaut!
What?
[groan]
He's so fast!
Drago!
[laughs]
Pathetic.
Hah!
You can't even land a punch.
Hang in there, Drago!
MARUCHO: What?
Where'd he come from?
Huh?
[groaning]
You thought you could beat me with blunt force?
Embarrassing.
Drago, come on buddy!
Get up!
[roar]
Running away?
Princess, Battle Gear!
OK then.
Ready.
Battle Crusher.
Battle Gear boost!
Battle Gear ability activate!
Combat Crusher mode!
Battle Crusher mode!
Locked on target.
Engage!
Not so fast!
Ability activate!
Hyper Helix Shield!
Hah, that won't last.
[groaning]
Time for us to break out the Battle Gear too.
Ready.
JetKor.
Battle Gear ability activate!
JetKor Delta!
[grunting]
Locked on target.
Oh no!
Engage!
[roar]
I can't believe I lost even though I
was battling with Aranaut.
Battle over!
The winner--
Yeah!
--Dan Kuso!
Dan the man does it again!
FABIA (VOICEOVER): Dan Kuso and his Bakugan,
Drago, they're more powerful than I
could have ever imagined.
I can't believe they're fighting on the side of Gundalia.
Hah!
Let that be a lesson.
Bakugan Interspace is for friendly battling.
Hostile forces, like you, aren't welcome.
Stop using the Bakugan as weapons of war!
[screaming]
Oh.
Not again!
You don't know anything Dan.
Huh?
Dan!
Ow.
You OK Dan?
I think she broke my butt.
Huh?
Where did Shun go?
Uh.
But he was just here.
REN (VOICEOVER): With us.
[suspenseful music]
The battler we've spent all this time looking for?
Turns out, he's already working for the Gundalians.
What shall we do Princess?
Perhaps we should return home.
No!
We can't go back now, not if we're empty handed.
I know what we have to do now.
We must get Dan to switch to our side to help
us fight the battle Aranaut.
So tell me.
What the--
So it's you.
I'd like to hear your side of the story.
I couldn't believe it when Dan the man
and the others asked me to join the brawlers.
But I'm so new at battling I wonder if it's even
fair to call myself a brawler.
It's really crazy.
I still just have so much to learn.
Luckily, Julie has offered to give me some advice.
She's a veteran Subterra battler and has
a whole lot to teach me.
You should totally tune in and check out all the new moves
Julie's taught me.
Bakugan brawl!
This is going to be so awesome!
[theme music]